Hello and welcome to PolicyX. I am
Sonali Joshi. Today I am bringing you
an excellent plan. A
plan with a very popular name. It is
also the most searched plan and its brand
name is also quite big. Yes, today I will
talk about the ICICI Lombard Arogya
Sanjivani plan. Without any delay, let's get into the
details of this plan. The first
question that will arise is that there are so many insurance plans in the market,
and ICICI Lombard is the best, that is
because this versatile
plan pays your medical bills. Secondly,
if you are searching for a health plan
that takes care of your basic healthcare needs, then the
Arogya Sanjivani policy by
ICICI can be the best fit for you.
Now let's come to its amazing features.
First, inpatient hospitalization, second,
pre and post hospitalization, third, AYUSH
treatment, fourth, day care procedures, fifth,
life long renewability. ICICI
Lombard Arogya Sanjivani policy offers
bonus up to a maximum of 50% on the sum
insured.  Cataract treatment,
dental treatment, and plastic surgery are also covered.
This plan offers a sum insured
between ₹1 lakh and ₹5 lakh. Now, let's talk about
eligibility. If we talk about child entry age, the
minimum is 18 years. The
entry age for children is 3 months to 25 years. The
maximum adult entry age is 65
years. Sum insured is available between ₹1 lakh and ₹5 lakh.
Plan types are individual and
family floater. The policy term is one year
and there is a waiting period option of 30 days.
After eligibility, let's talk about
its unique features.
First is Covid-19 cover. ICICI Lombard offers
Covid-19 coverage, which
covers Covid treatment expenses. The
second coverage is family cover.
Arogya Sanjivani policy provides
medical care and protection for your family members.
In this plan, you can cover two adult and
three dependent children for up to three months.
This plan also covers your spouse,
dependent parents, and parents-in-law.  And
dependent children are covered. Another
unique feature is cataract treatment.
Cataract is also covered in this plan but the
plan should be up to 25% of the sum insured and Rs
40,000 per policy year.
Cumulative bonus. Another unique feature of this amazing plan is
that the sum insured increases
by 5% on every claim free year up
to a maximum of 50% of sum insured.
Change of sum insured: In this plan, you can
also change the value of sum insured at the time of renewal. That means you can
increase or decrease it as per the requirement.
Now coming to the coverage of this plan,
it covers room rent, ICU charges, pre-
hospitalization, post-
hospitalization, day care treatment,
Covid-19 treatment, cataract treatment, no
claim bonus, AYUSH treatment. What is not covered
in ICICI Lombard Arogya Sanjivani?
Domiciliary
treatment and modern treatments are not covered in it,
so opt for this amazing plan.  For this you
can visit our website policyx.com whose link you will
find in the description box and
choose a smart health plan for your family till then bye bye
take care and happy
insurance